When is the first sword
Dustless sword you
What the hell are you?
What is the enemy sword?
It's just a broken cocoon of an ordinary weapon
Prince John
You don't know
This is our first Excalibur next week
Unsheathed is recommended.
Vantage Potian
Zhenhai Chaosheng
It is indeed much more precious than your Star Lake Realm
Nonsense
If your sword is so powerful
Cut the sword on me
If you can't hurt me, I support you.
Prove that your sword is the same as yours.
You've figured it out
Dustless Sword is unsheathed
It's not as simple as slapping you
This price
Can you afford it?
Stop talking nonsense, I think you are more stupid
Don't think the lights are on
You brought this on yourself.
Hahaha
Your sword is as lazy as your men
you
I beg your pardon.
That's not possible.
My son of a bitch
Impossible. Our glass is missing
How could you forget?
My sword
I will kill you for a hundred years
As the so-called one sword frost cold fourteen states